oh my God
are you okay what just happened
you hit your head didn't you
it looks like it
are you kidding me we got t bone by Nathan Forbes
I'm alive
I'm alive again look
I remember the state we were hit by Nathan Forbes
and he bought us a car and
and then I saw wedding the news of Abby
this is 5 years ago
holy crap
I still have time I can
I can redo this
just because you respect me rich
doesn't mean that you can just drive recklessly
we could have died don't be so dramatic okay
there's hardly a scratch see
still gorgeous
whatever I don't care
you better pay for that who says I won't
I'll buy a brand new car all right
or two maybe one for the beautiful Blair
yeah fine
just stop flirting and no
it's not enough
and what could possibly make you forgive me Mr Rose
Nathan Forbes
will you marry me